# Particle-Tracking-and-Distribution
Particle tracking and distribution analysis matlab scripts in collaboration with Mark Johnston

# Final_analysis_pakage_with_saves_as_CSV.m
Matlab Script used to analyse .mat files generated by poly particle tracker. Generates .CSV files of displacements, velocities, instantaneous velocities and instantaneous displacements. Can also segment data to only analyse tracks travelling over a set displacment. Contains kolmogorov-smirnoff statistics analysis, which was not used not used in the Phd work.

# calcFPP_parallel.m and FPTCalc.m
calcFPP_parallel written by Salman S Rogers to calculate FPPs form tracks data as explained in Neftali et al 2011. FPTCalc is the front end script which allows .mat files to be analysed by calcFPP_parallel.m.

# OrganlleDistributionAnalysiscopy.m, CombinedExperimentPlots.m and all other Functions
OrganlleDistributionAnalysiscopy.m anlyses fixed cell images from immunofluorescence experiments. Hand drawn regions of interest are thresholded and then used to segment cell images into 10-100% scaled regions in 5% increments. The number of pixels in each segmented region are counted and corrected for area, and then plotted as a cumulative density function with the domain ranging from 10-100% of distance from the cell boundary. A .mat data file is also produced. CombinedExperimentPlots.m combines individual data files and combines them into grouped cumulative density graphs. All other functions are used by OrganelleDistributionAnalysiscopy.m.
